prepare 2.10.3 for release (#9182)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.10.3

> This release builds on 2.10 to further improve the experience of setting up and deploying from [a prefect project](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/tutorials/projects/).  In particular, initializing with a recipe now initializes an interactive CLI experience that guides a first time user to a correct setup.  This experience can be avoided for progammatic initialization by providing all required fields for the recipe via CLI.  For more information, see [the project documentation](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/projects/).  We will continue to enhance the deployment experience as we receive feedback, so please keep it coming!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release builds on 2.10 to further improve the experience of setting up and deploying from [a prefect project](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/tutorials/projects/).  In particular, initializing with a recipe now initializes an interactive CLI experience that guides you to a correct setup.  This experience can be avoided for programmatic initialization by providing all required fields for the recipe via CLI.  For more information, see [the project documentation](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/concepts/projects/).  We will continue to enhance the deployment experience as we receive feedback, so please keep it coming!
```
